Update contributing doc (#3348)
flutter/cocoon: CONTRIBUTING.md

possibly guide you. Coordinating up front makes it much easier to avoid
frustration later on.

### Implementations

> 1. For breaking changes, please loop corresponding CODEOWNERs in to make sure they know and can provide a review before a merge to avoid potential regressions.

Reviewer: As discussed offline, let's skip `breaking` here. 

```suggestion
1. For existing functionality contributions, please loop corresponding CODEOWNERs in to make sure they know and can provide a review before a merge to avoid potential regressions.
```
